feat(circuit-ui): Callout component (#3733)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: packages/circuit-ui/components/Callout/Callout.mdx

import { Meta, Status, Props, Story } from '../../../../.storybook/components';
import * as Stories from './Callout.stories';

<Meta of={Stories} />

# Callout

<Status variant="experimental" />

> The `Callout` component renders static inline guidance or emphasis within the content flow.

Reviewer: I think inline might be redundant paired with "within the content flow"
```suggestion
The `Callout` component renders static guidance or emphasis content within the content flow.
```

Author: Updated, thanks!

<Story of={Stories.Base} />
<Props />

> 

Reviewer: We usually structure this page in two main sections (When to use, How to use) and them some optional ones (Related components, Accessibility,  or any component specific guidelines)

**When to use** ideally lists one or two valid use cases, gives some tips about copy and content, and can suggest more suitable components for similar but not so accurate usages. In the example of the Callout, we can suggest using the NotificationInline for semantic feedback to user actions (danger, success and warning), and the NotificationBanner for dismissible content or content with a CTA.

**How to use** details things like variants, different states and possible customisation of the component.

Author: Updated, thanks! Can you please check if my changes match the desired structure?

## Component variations

### Callout variants

<Story of={Stories.Variants} />

- Use the 'info' variant for informational, neutral messages.
- Use the 'success' variant for successful messages.
- Use the 'warning' variant for warning messages, and other information a user should be aware of.
- Use the 'danger' variant for error messages. Be descriptive and give users clear next steps.
- Use the 'promo' variant for promotional or upgrade-related messages.

### Callouts with rich content

> The callout body supports arbitrary React nodes.

Reviewer: Although in theory yes, I think we can recommend that interactive content should be limited to links.

Author: Yes, done, thanks

import { Meta, Status, Props, Story } from '../../../../.storybook/components';
import * as Stories from './Callout.stories';

<Meta of={Stories} />

# Callout

<Status variant="experimental" />

The `Callout` component renders static guidance or emphasis content within the content flow.

<Story of={Stories.Base} />
<Props />

## When to use it

Use callouts to highlight persistent guidance, contextual tips, or extra information that belongs next to related content.

> Keep callout copy concise and static. For semantic feedback to user actions, use [`NotificationInline`](Notifications/NotificationInline). For dismissible content or content with a call to action, use [`NotificationBanner`](Notifications/NotificationBanner).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep callout copy concise and static. For semantic feedback to user actions, use [`NotificationInline`](Notification/NotificationInline/Docs). For dismissible content or content with a call to action, use [`NotificationBanner`](Notification/NotificationBanner/Docs).
```

Author: Updated, thanks!

> Keep callout copy concise and static. For semantic feedback to user actions, use [`NotificationInline`](Notifications/NotificationInline). For dismissible content or content with a call to action, use [`NotificationBanner`](Notifications/NotificationBanner).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep callout copy concise and static. For semantic feedback in response to user actions, such as success or error messages, use  the [`NotificationInline`](Notifications/NotificationInline) component. For dismissible content or content with a call to action, use the [`NotificationBanner`](Notifications/NotificationBanner) component.
```

Author: Updated, thanks!

## How to use it

### Variants

<Story of={Stories.Variants} />

- Use the 'info' variant for informational, neutral messages.
- Use the 'success' variant for successful messages.
- Use the 'warning' variant for warning messages, and other information a user should be aware of.
- Use the 'danger' variant for error messages. Be descriptive and give users clear next steps.
- Use the 'promo' variant for promotional or upgrade-related messages.

### Links

> The callout body supports links to related content. Avoid placing other interactive content inside a callout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Content

The body of the Callout should be static and purely informational. Keep the content limited to text and links to related resources, and avoid placing other interactive elements such as buttons, form controls, or custom actions.
```

Author: Updated, thanks!

<Story of={Stories.WithRichContent} />

## Accessibility

### Best practices

#### Place callouts close to their related content

Callouts are part of the content flow, and should be placed near their related content. Make use of headings and semantic markup to programmatically group content into meaningful sections.

#### Avoid dynamically rendering a callout

> The `Callout` component is meant for static content. If you need to render a message dynamically, you most likely want to use the [`NotificationInline`](Notifications/NotificationInline) component instead.

Reviewer: This section feels very close to the instructions in the "How to use" section, and is not very related to accessibility. I think we can remove it.

Author: Removed, thanks.
